docs/README.md, before:


Examples on using the DeviceAudioService plugin.

To be updated.

#Calling the API methods:
You may call each of the API methods below by using the following template:
```javascript
	cordova.exec(
		// Register the callback handler
		function(data) {
			// Stuff to do on successfull callback
		},
		// Register the errorHandler
		function(err) {
			// Stuff to do when an error occurs.
		},
		'DeviceAudioService',
		'AN_API_METHOD',
		[ 'ONE_OR_MORE_PARAMETERS_TO_PASS_TO_THE_METHOD' ]
	);
```

Calling the 'addAudioWithIdAndUrl' method could then look like:
```javascript
	cordova.exec(
		// Register the callback handler
		function(data) {
			// Stuff to do on successfull callback
		},
		// Register the errorHandler
		function(err) {
			// Stuff to do when an error occurs.
		},
		'DeviceAudioService',
		'addAudioWithIdAndUrl',
		[ 'mySound','http://foo.com/bar.mp3' ]
	);
```

#Common usage:
1. First Use the **addAudioWithIdAndUrl** method to preload one or more audio files  
   Note: Make sure to wait for phonegap deviceready event before atteptimpting to load assets
2. Play and/or pause audio asset(s) via the **playAudioWithId** and **pauseAudioWithId** methods. 
3. When done, purge the preloaded audio files via the **removeAllAudio** method

#API methods:
##addAudioWithIdAndUrl:
**Params:**  
* **anId**  
A unique string identifier referencing the audio file.  
* **aUrl**  
The Url to the audio file to be preloaded. The file will be played back via the AVPlayer iOS Class.  
* **aSuccessCallback**  
Success callback.  
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback.  
	
**Detail:**
The method will call the success callback when the iOS Cocoa AVPlayerStatusReadyToPlay status is triggered. Before attempting to play back the audio file You should wait for the success callback. The method will call the failure callback when the AVPlayerStatusFailed is triggered.

##playAudioWithId
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Plays an audio file previously preloaded via the method addAudioWithIdAndUrl

#pauseAudioWithId
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Pauses an audio file previously preloaded via the method addAudioWithIdAndUrl

#audioWithIdIsPaused
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Tests if an audio file is currently paused. If the audio file has not previously been issued a play command via playAudioWithId this test will fail.

#audioWithIdShouldResumePlayback
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Tests if a previously paused audio file should be resumed. The criteria are: If the currentTime of the AVPlayer instance is > 0 and the audio has previously been issued a pauseAudioWithId command the method will return successful.

#removeAllAudio
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Purges all preloaded audio files and empties the dictionary of registered unique id's

```javascript

```

Commit message:

Make the plugin available from npmjs.com
The PGB plugin repo will deprecate mid October 2015. The plugin is
available via npmjs.org.

docs/README.md, after:


Examples on using the DeviceAudioService plugin.

#Including the plugin via the PhoneGap Build config.xml
You may include the plugin using the following snippet:
```
<gap:plugin name="cordova-plugin-deviceaudioservice" source="npm" version="1.0.0" />
```


#Calling the API methods:
You may call each of the API methods below by using the following template:
```javascript
	cordova.exec(
		// Register the callback handler
		function(data) {
			// Stuff to do on successfull callback
		},
		// Register the errorHandler
		function(err) {
			// Stuff to do when an error occurs.
		},
		'DeviceAudioService',
		'AN_API_METHOD',
		[ 'ONE_OR_MORE_PARAMETERS_TO_PASS_TO_THE_METHOD' ]
	);
```

Calling the 'addAudioWithIdAndUrl' method could then look like:
```javascript
	cordova.exec(
		// Register the callback handler
		function(data) {
			// Stuff to do on successfull callback
		},
		// Register the errorHandler
		function(err) {
			// Stuff to do when an error occurs.
		},
		'DeviceAudioService',
		'addAudioWithIdAndUrl',
		[ 'mySound','http://foo.com/bar.mp3' ]
	);
```

#Common usage:
1. First Use the **addAudioWithIdAndUrl** method to preload one or more audio files  
   Note: Make sure to wait for phonegap deviceready event before atteptimpting to load assets
2. Play and/or pause audio asset(s) via the **playAudioWithId** and **pauseAudioWithId** methods. 
3. When done, purge the preloaded audio files via the **removeAllAudio** method

#API methods:
##addAudioWithIdAndUrl:
**Params:**  
* **anId**  
A unique string identifier referencing the audio file.  
* **aUrl**  
The Url to the audio file to be preloaded. The file will be played back via the AVPlayer iOS Class.  
* **aSuccessCallback**  
Success callback.  
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback.  
	
**Detail:**
The method will call the success callback when the iOS Cocoa AVPlayerStatusReadyToPlay status is triggered. Before attempting to play back the audio file You should wait for the success callback. The method will call the failure callback when the AVPlayerStatusFailed is triggered.

##playAudioWithId
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Plays an audio file previously preloaded via the method addAudioWithIdAndUrl

#pauseAudioWithId
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Pauses an audio file previously preloaded via the method addAudioWithIdAndUrl

#audioWithIdIsPaused
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Tests if an audio file is currently paused. If the audio file has not previously been issued a play command via playAudioWithId this test will fail.

#audioWithIdShouldResumePlayback
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Tests if a previously paused audio file should be resumed. The criteria are: If the currentTime of the AVPlayer instance is > 0 and the audio has previously been issued a pauseAudioWithId command the method will return successful.

#removeAllAudio
**Params:**
* **anId**  
Unique string identifier referencing the audio file.
* **aSuccessCallback**
Success callback.
* **aFailureCallback**  
Error/fail callback function

**Detail:**  
Purges all preloaded audio files and empties the dictionary of registered unique id's

```javascript

```
